
A simple and rather easy fight

The bear is a melee unit - it hits really hard and have a lot of health.

The idea: Switch between dealing damage to him, and kiting him, once your shred stacks too high. If you kite him, you
should barely be able to deal damage to him.


Shred: Every time the bear attacks, he'll cause the Hunter to bleed over x seconds. This stacks indefinitely, meaning that you
have to run away from the bear once in a while

Frenzy: Once in a while he'll use this, to catch up the increases it's movement speed and attack speed

Shockwave: deals damage in a wide line towards the Hunter. Only used if the hunter is outside of melee range.

Enrage: For each 1% hp he takes, he deals 2% more damage (and grows in size)

Charge: First the bear roars at the hunter, causing him to be slowed, Then he Charge the Hunter, 
dealing a ton of damage and stuns him for 2 seconds if he is hit. If the bear however, hit a stone instead,
the stone will break and the bear will get stunned for 6 seconds, taking increased damage for the duration.
The Charge is not in a line, but will follow the Hunter, if he moves, meaning you have to kite him to a rock
He'll use this at at 75%, 50%, 25% hp - there are 4 piles of rock to kite him to

Hard Mode:
- Activated by killing bear cubs

- Shockwave becomes Aoe on the entire field and it slows (can perhaps be dodged by rocks),

- Slow effect before charge

- Much more hp. but increased damage taken when hits a rock, so you need to rely more on him hitting a rock

- Charge one shots

Lore:
The villagers want the hunter to take care of a bear in the forest. It's aggressive and a threat to the inhabitants - it must be terminated.
It inhabits a vale in the forest, that the village uses for cutting down trees.

The Truth: The bear has never hurt anyone, or even come close to hurting anyone in the village. The villagers have never used the vale for
treecutting, but they've realized it's good place to do it, but they need to get rid of the bear first.
The bear actually have cubs, hence the aggressiveness when the villagers approach the vale - these cubs appear after the bear is killed.
The hunter can kill them too if he wish.
